MIT License

Copyright (c) 2015 - 2016 Philipp Schubert

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of 
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in 
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to 
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies 
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do 
so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all 
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR 
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, 
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE 
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER 
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, 
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE 
SOFTWARE.

===============================================================================
Copyrights and Licenses for Third Party Software Distributed with Phasar:
===============================================================================

Armadillo
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
http://arma.sourceforge.net/license.html

Armadillo versions 7.800 and onwards are licensed under the Apache License 2.0. 
 
The Apache license allows Armadillo to be used in proprietary software, without 
releasing the source code. However, any software that incorporates or 
distributes Armadillo in source or binary form must include a readable copy of 
the attributions in the NOTICE.txt file that comes with Armadillo. The 
attributions can be placed in the documentation and/or other materials 
provided with the software. 
 
The Apache license is a permissive license similar to the MIT and BSD licenses,
but also provides a grant of patent rights from contributors to users. As such,
the Apache license can be thought of as an improved version of the MIT and BSD
licenses. 
 
See the Questions page for more info.
